[Page] Align back action button icon with title on small screens (#11479)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/hot-news-mix.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> [`Page`] Aligned `Page` back action button icon with title on small screens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed `Page` `backAction` icon misalignment with `title` on small screens
```

Reviewer 2: Going to convert this issue back into a draft while possible options are explored!
